hello I'm David and I'm gonna show you a
charger that I just made that's one of
my letters charges I'm a so here it goes
alright well I started off with a solar
panel if you could get these like
hardware stores I got my radio shack hey
when you get one try to get 1 over 5
volts and with at least half a watt of
energy so mine was 6 watts and I'm in
six bolts and one walk and I got it for
about nine ten dollars at radio shack so
I did what this was I got a 5 volt
regulator for you that don't know what
that is it it regulates or five volts
you could put any any wall like nine
volts temples 12 volts put it into here
and it turns into 5 volts so it could be
safe to charge phone so I Paul it
whatever so right here I as you can see
i soldered the solar panel and a female
USB cable so you could plug in your USB
cables for anything you want this one is
LM 7805 see so I might want to be
specific at radioshack whatever you're
gonna buy it about my radio shack for
about two dollars so then what you do is
you plug in the USB all right sorry
about that
and so once you plug in the USB as you
can see my phone is charging sixty-five
percent and it gets to a hundred percent
after a while so this is my charger that
I made and I hope you all like it thanks
bye